we need to check if a number is palindrome or not.
An integer is a palindrome when it reads the same forward and backward. 
for example 121 is a palindrome number because it doesn't matter in which direction you see it.
it still 121 but 123 is not palindrom because 123 != 321
it's same as 121.
a negative number can't be palindrome because negative sign is always in the front so -121 != 121-
a non zero number that ends in zero it's not a palindrom.


1-one approach is to reverse the entire number and check if it's the same as the original number.
but it's possible you exceed the limit of maximum integer leading to overflow

isPalindromeFirst Approach:
we're going to reverse the number.
first we check if the number is negative or not, if it is, it immediately returns false since the negative numbers can't be palindrome.
then we store the original number into a variable to then compare it with the original value
then we create another variable called reversed number to store the reversed number.
we use a loop until the number passed become zero.
first we get the remainder of that number by 10 so if it's 121 it would be like 121 % 10 = 1
that's the last digit of the number.
now we need to remove this digit from the actual number.
we do it by dividing it by 10 so if it's 121 it would be like 121 / 10 = 12
then we add the remainder we found to the end of reversed number.
in this loop we simply get the last digit of the original number put it into the reverse number by each iteration.
and finaly we compare the original value and the reversed value to see if a number is palindrom or not.

2-one approach is to convert the number into a string and then reverse it and then see if the reversed string and the original are the same or not
takes the original text and puts into a slice of runes.
in loop, i starts from the beginning and j starts from the ending.
i will be incremented and j will be decremented until i and j meets(while i < j)
by each iteration it will swap the rune[i] with rune[j] and this way the string is reversed.
